README.md, before:

![spectrum-logo](https://git.corp.adobe.com/storage/user/655/files/a13fda74-9d4a-11e6-9aec-1b320823594a)
# spectrum-css
The goal is to support [Spectrum][spectrum-link] design language as a CSS implementation.  

This project is currently not officially supported.  A new plan is being made, but for now you should consume at your own risk.

## Learn More
For [general information](https://git.corp.adobe.com/Spectrum/README) about the projects in this org, how to communicate with the development team, where to file issues, or how to contribute, please check out the generic [Spectrum/README](https://git.corp.adobe.com/Spectrum/README) information.

Thanks - Adobe Design Frameworks

[spectrum-link]: http://spectrum.corp.adobe.com
[slack-link]: https://adobespectrum.slack.com
[dna-link]: http://design-dna.corp.adobe.com
[dna-opendev-link]: https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/AdobeDesign/Spectrum+Developer+Docs
[sdl-jira-link]: https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/SDL
[dna-jira-link]: https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/DNA
[dev-docs-link]: https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/AdobeDesign/Spectrum+Developer+Docs
[forking-link]: https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/

Commit message:

@trivial - better explain
* how this relates to everything else
* how to see the jenkins docs

README.md, after:

![spectrum-logo](https://git.corp.adobe.com/storage/user/655/files/a13fda74-9d4a-11e6-9aec-1b320823594a)
# spectrum-css
The goal is to support [Spectrum][spectrum-link] design language as a CSS implementation.  

This project is an example of how to merge the [abstrac-stylus](https://git.corp.adobe.com/Spectrum/spectrum-abstract-stylus) and [dom-reference](https://git.corp.adobe.com/Spectrum/spectrum-dom-reference)@tri projects into a working set of CSS and web markup.  It is not recommend to consume the css or html directly, but instead use one of the better supported frameworks at Adobe, such as Torq, React-Spectrum, or CoralUI. 

The output from this project can be seen [on Jenkins](https://designcodestuff.ci.corp.adobe.com:12001/job/spectrum-css/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/dist/docs/index.html).  Contibutors will need a local build, but recommended that downstream framework developers also create a local build for reference.  However, in a pinch, the Jenkins build should represent a stable view of what is available.

## Learn More
For [general information](https://git.corp.adobe.com/Spectrum/README) about the projects in this org, how to communicate with the development team, where to file issues, or how to contribute, please check out the generic [Spectrum/README](https://git.corp.adobe.com/Spectrum/README) information.

Thanks - Adobe Design Frameworks

[spectrum-link]: http://spectrum.corp.adobe.com
[slack-link]: https://adobespectrum.slack.com
[dna-link]: http://design-dna.corp.adobe.com
[dna-opendev-link]: https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/AdobeDesign/Spectrum+Developer+Docs
[sdl-jira-link]: https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/SDL
[dna-jira-link]: https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/DNA
[dev-docs-link]: https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/AdobeDesign/Spectrum+Developer+Docs
[forking-link]: https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/
